Tree Data Structure is a non-linear data structure in which a collection of elements known as nodes are connected to each other via edges such
that there exists exactly one path between any two nodes.
It is a hierarchical structure as elements in a Tree are arranged in multiple levels.In the Tree data structure, the topmost node is known as a root node.
Each node contains some data, and data can be of any type.
Each node contains some data and the link or reference of other nodes that can be called child nodes.

Terminologies In Tree Data Structure:-

Parent Node: The node which is a predecessor of a node is called the parent node of that node.
Child Node: The node which is the immediate successor of a node is called the child node of that node.
Root Node: The topmost node of a tree or the node which does not have any parent node is called the root node.
Leaf Node or External Node: The nodes which do not have any child nodes are called leaf nodes.
Ancestor of a Node: Any predecessor nodes on the path of the root to that node are called Ancestors of that node.
Descendant: A node x is a descendant of another node y if and only if y is an ancestor of x.
Sibling: Children of the same parent node are called siblings.
Level of a node: The count of edges on the path from the root node to that node. The root node has level 0.
Level of a node= Height of root - height of that node
Internal node: A node with at least one child is called Internal Node.
Neighbor of a Node: Parent or child nodes of that node are called neighbors of that node.
Subtree: Any node of the tree along with its descendant.
Climbing: Going from leaves to the root.
Descending: Going from root to the leaves.
Degree: The degree of a node in a tree or graph is the number of edges connected to that node.

Properties of Tree data structure:-

Recursive data structure: The tree is also known as a recursive data structure. A tree can be defined as recursively because the distinguished
                          node in a tree data structure is known as a root node. The root node of the tree contains a link to all the roots of
                          its subtrees.  The left subtree(or right subtree) can be further split into subtrees. Recursion means reducing
                          something in a self-similar manner. So, this recursive property of the tree data structure is implemented in various
                          applications.
Number of edges: If there are n nodes, then there would n-1 edges. Each arrow in the structure represents the link or path. Each node, except
                 the root node, will have atleast one incoming link known as an edge. There would be one link for the parent-child relationship.

Depth of node x: The depth of node x can be defined as the length of the path from the root to the node x. One edge contributes one-unit length
                 in the path. So, the depth of node x can also be defined as the number of edges between the root node and the node x. The
                 root node has 0 depth.
                 Depth of a node = Height of the left node - Height of the right node
Height of node x: The height of node x can be defined as the longest path from the node x to the leaf node.

Types of Trees : Based on height or depth:-

Balanced Tree:-
Definition: A tree is balanced if the height difference between the left and right subtrees of every node is within a specific limit
            (typically, the difference is 1 or less)=> depth of the nodes<2.
Example: Binary Search Tree (BST) or AVL Tree, where the difference in height between the left and right subtrees is at most 1.
Depth: The depth or height of the tree is minimized, typically ð‘‚(log n) where n is the number of nodes.
Performance: Operations like search, insert, and delete are efficient, generallyð‘‚(log n).

Unbalanced Tree
Definition: A tree is unbalanced when the nodes are skewed towards one side, making one subtree much deeper than the other.
Example: A degenerate (or pathological) tree, which is basically a linked list, is an unbalanced tree.
Depth: The depth can grow to O(n), where n is the number of nodes, making the tree more like a linear structure.
Performance: Search, insert, and delete operations degrade to O(n) in the worst case.