Breadth-First Search (BFS) and Depth-First Search (DFS) for Binary Trees are ways to traverse nodes of the Binary Tree.

A Tree is typically traversed in two ways:
Breadth First Traversal (Or Level Order Traversal)
Depth First Traversals
Inorder Traversal (Left-Root-Right)
Preorder Traversal (Root-Left-Right)
Postorder Traversal (Left-Right-Root)
BFS vs DFS for Binary Tree

*What is Breadth First Search?
Breadth First Search (BFS) is a graph traversal algorithm that starts traversing the graph from the root node and explores all the neighboring
nodes at the present depth prior to moving on to the nodes at the next depth level.

How does BFS Tree Traversal work?
Breadth First Search (BFS) traversal explores all the neighboring nodes at the present depth prior to moving on to the nodes at the next depth
level. In the context of a tree, BFS traversal works similarly.

Here’s how BFS tree traversal typically works:

1. Start at the root node and add it to a queue.
2. While the queue is not empty, dequeue a node and visit it.
3. Enqueue all of its children (if any) into the queue.
4. Repeat steps 2 and 3 until the queue is empty.
This approach ensures that nodes are visited level by level, moving horizontally across the tree before moving to the next level. This way,
BFS explores the nodes in a breadth-first manner, making it useful for tasks like finding the shortest path in unweighted graphs or trees.

Level Order Traversal technique is defined as a method to traverse a Tree such that all nodes present in the same level are traversed completely
before traversing the next level.
How does Level Order Traversal work?
The main idea of level order traversal is to traverse all the nodes of a lower level before moving to any of the nodes of a higher level.
This can be done in any of the following ways:

The naive one (finding the height of the tree and traversing each level and printing the nodes of that level) efficiently using a queue.
Level Order Traversal (Naive approach):
Find height of tree. Then for each level, run a recursive function by maintaining current height. Whenever the level of a node matches,
print that node.

*What is a Depth-first search?
DFS (Depth-first search) is a technique used for traversing trees or graphs. Here backtracking is used for traversal.
In this traversal first, the deepest node is visited and then backtracks to its parent node if no sibling of that node exists

1. Inorder Traversal (Practice):
Follow the below steps to solve the problem:

Traverse the left subtree, i.e., call Inorder(left-subtree)
Visit the root
Traverse the right subtree, i.e., call Inorder(right-subtree)
2. Preorder Traversal (Practice):
Follow the below steps to solve the problem:

Visit the root
Traverse the left subtree, i.e., call Preorder(left-subtree)
Traverse the right subtree, i.e., call Preorder(right-subtree)
3. Postorder Traversal (Practice):
Follow the below steps to solve the problem:

Traverse the left subtree, i.e., call Postorder(left-subtree)
Traverse the right subtree, i.e., call Postorder(right-subtree)
Visit the root.
